hi guys max out again and today I'm
going to use this electric one Vino mini
jet wine filter and filter a box of
rose' that i've done this has been
brewed it was a summon one day Rose a
platinum seven-day Warren kit and it's
been fermented for the four days
stabilized on the fifth and then it's
been clearing for two days and when I
did my last batch I ended up with a
slight amount of sediment in the bottles
so I've decided this time it's a filter
in my local home brew shop has lent me
this machine and that's Grimsby homebrew
Center and what this does it passes the
wine through the unit through the pump
into the unit through three separate
filter sponges and removes any particles
there are different paths depending on
the clarity that you like I've got the
polishing number two so let's go with
that and I've got three putts here they
need to be wet soaked in water for at
least five minutes and all you do remove
the two
from the filter and then move the front
plate
let's see washes okay then you've got
three separate filters but the one goes
through and move each of those okay take
one cup up place it into the filter like
that take your first plate put that on
second filter putt same again
place that on make sure the holes line
up there's two holes in each pad and
look as you can see it's already looking
nice and clear but I want to do a second
pass just to be sure that we're nice and
polished so all we have to do is again
the siphon going to the pump is in our
first pass clip wine and what I've done
now is not only if I got the main
outlets into the bucket
I've put another hose onto the outlet
rather than the bowl because both a
little quite quickly and I've got that
running into the bucket as well and as
it's nice having two passes he's
skittish but I'll getting double
filtered so all ready to do is switch it
back on
you see it's already really really clear
coming through this pipe
through the filters again
a bit of everything
see
so this is a writer's a so it's a clear
line anyway
two minutes in second Cox and it's been
killed so I'm talking through house so
you just
okay what's the wines been done for the
second cuffs remove feel as you can see
there now the wines passed through the
entire of the filter and then they just
get thrown away do it for each one and
then obviously clean all the sections
and clean the filter before you put it
back together the pump does get very hot
especially after two runs and it does
say in instructions that after you don't
do runs allow it to cool before you do
any subsequent batches otherwise you
risk damaging the pump and that's all
there is to it and what we'll do now is
draw off a sample to see how clear is
okay so isn't a bottling bucket just
have the second past that's and go to
wind us let's draw some off see what we
get
there we go as you can see it's
beautiful lovely clear wine it's going
to real good job of polishing it up
nicely and it's going to look great
bottled seven party
you